296 alternative qwk formula (#301)
EducationalTestingService/rsmtool: doc/evaluation.rst

 
The following conventions are used in the formulas in this section:

> :math:`N` = total number of responses in the :ref:`evaluation set<test_file>` with numeric human scores and numeric system scores. Zero human scores are, by default, excluded from evaluations unless :ref:`exclude_zero_scores<exclude_zero_scores_rsmtool>` was set to ``false``.

Reviewer: Nitpick but isn't dash more common in these contexts?

Reviewer 2: We can use a dash if you'd prefer but I don't like using dashes since they can look like minuses in a mathematical context which can be confusing.

Reviewer 2: We can also use colons, FWIW.

Unlike :ref:`Cohen's kappa<kappa>` which is only computed for rounded scores, quadratic weighted kappa is computed for continuous scores using the following formula: 

> :math:`QWK=\frac{2*Cov[M-H]}{Var(H)+Var(M)+(\bar{M}-\bar{H})^2}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:math:`QWK=\frac{2*Cov(M,H)}{Var(H)+Var(M)+(\bar{M}-\bar{H})^2}`
```

> Note that in this case the variance is the population variance and, thus, it is computed by dividing by ``N`` and not by ``N-1``, as in other cases.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in this case the variances and covariance are computed by dividing by ``N`` and not by ``N-1``, as in other cases.  
```

        :math:`\displaystyle\sigma_{e}^2 = \frac{1}{2 \times N_2}\sum_{i=1}^{N_2}{(H_{i} - H2_{i})^2}`

In the simple case, where **all responses are double-scored**, :math:`MSE(T|M)` is estimated as:

   :math:`MSE(T|M) = MSE(\hat{H}|M)-\displaystyle\frac{1}{2}\sigma_{e}^2`

and :math:`\sigma_T^2` is estimated as: 

   :math:`\sigma_T^2 = \sigma_{\hat{H}}^2 - \displaystyle\frac{1}{2}\sigma_{e}^2`

The PRMSE formula implemented in RSMTool is more general and can also handle the case where **only a subset** of responses are double-scored. The formula in this case uses the same computation for :math:`\sigma_{e}^2` but more complex formulas for :math:`MSE(T|M)` and :math:`\sigma_T^2`. The formulas are derived to ensure consistent results regardless of what percentage of data was double-scored and are as follows:

   :math:`MSE(T|M) = \displaystyle\frac{\sum_{i=1}^{N}{c_i(\hat{H_i} - M_i)^2} - N\sigma_{e}^2}{N_1+2N_2}`

   :math:`\sigma_T^2=\displaystyle\frac{\sum_{i=1}^{N}{c_i(\hat{H}_i - \bar{\hat{H}})^2}-(N-1)\sigma_{e}^2}{(N-1) + \displaystyle\frac{N_2(N_1+2N_2-2)}{N_1+2N_2}}`

   where 

   * :math:`C_i=1` or 2 depending on the number of human scores observed for individual 𝑖.

>    * :math:`\hat{H}` is the average of two human scores :math:`\hat{H_i} = \frac{{H_i}+{H2_i}}{2}` when two scores available or :math:`\hat{H_i} = H_i` when only one score is available. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * :math:`\hat{H}` is the average of two human scores :math:`\hat{H_i} = \frac{{H_i}+{H2_i}}{2}` when two are scores available or :math:`\hat{H_i} = H_i` when only one score is available. 
```
